hi I'm why and I'm not the presentation
giving type so I didn't make any slides
like the previous two people had but
I've got some cool demos to show you
that kind of like hopefully demonstrate
what these past two talks have been
talking about so start off I work on
ipfs and I do been recently doing a
bunch of cool stuff with ipfs and IPL de
and like integrating different
blockchain stuff and I've been paying
really close attention to Coombe offices
interesting aetherium stuff and also
been working on doing the same thing
that he's been doing for aetherium
for z cash and Bitcoin which is great
because they have that pretty much the
same exact format so I don't have to
write that much code it's fantastic so
to start off I've got this nice little
except big enough that too big crap what
did I do
I've got this I peeled the object and
this is this is a JSON representation of
the format which it's not stored as JSON
it gets converted to see Bohr which is
like some cool one the one mapping but
it's easy to write JSON and it's as you
can see it's just like a regular object
except for two interesting things here
this is an IPA link and so what that
does is it this object can point content
address content addressing Li to other
objects I'm not gonna do interesting so
what I can do is I can take this and I
can ingest it into ipfs and get a little
hash well little is not quite what it is
and then I can get that back out if I
can type really easily oh and it's ugly
and basically the same thing a little
reorder because JavaScript doesn't care
and then I can do other things like walk
pass on this so I can say
you know slash food gets me far or / bad
gives me this array and I can subscript
that array to give an index right the
other thing I can do is I can index this
Batman array right which now oh my god I
broke something oh well I can get this
object oh my god what is that that is
actually the JSON output of a picture
stored in ipfs so if we instead of
trying to get it as a dag we'd say I
just want the raw data so I'm just gonna
cap this and look at all that garbage
you know what's really cool is that can
go and it's a kiddy and then the other
one which I named quite well is a badger
so like what the reason those are in
there is I did I feel best ad they gave
me a hash and I just took and put it in
that objects links so if we look back
here that is the hash of that cat and
that is the hash of that badger and so
you can build these objects and you can
design whatever data structure you want
and I POS can walk through it and walk
along it and kind of like do cool things
with it and so this is just the C bore I
peeled the dag type stuff so the cool
stuff have been working on it's more
relevant to today is I've been working
on this is Bitcoin easy cash stuff and
I'm just gonna done with a Z cash stuff
because I didn't feel like sinking the
entire Bitcoin blockchain to my laptop I
don't have that much a story space so I
have this little I peeled the object
that has Z cash you know a link so I'm
gonna take this and I'm gonna put this
in the FB that's the same way
and grab this and I'm not gonna bother
to this I'm just gonna go straight for
what its linking to and that's a lot of
text what we're seeing here is a Z cache
block a Razi cache block and it's
actually not the format is not changed
at all the format that I feed us is
storing it as the exact same bits as the
Z cache block hash so if we do just to
kind of further my point so this is the
hash of the Z cache block
right everybody knows or hopefully
people you know kind of get like so when
you're mining a block in any most block
chains you're trying to find a block
that has a bunch of zeros at the front
and so if you look at this hash there's
not a lot of zeros on the front oh the
reason for that is because it's base 58
I took the Z off because that's telling
me it's base 58 it's base 58 so let's
convert it from base 58 to hex oh let me
take a few things off hopefully this
works
oh yeah the zeroes at the end right it's
one of the n so this is the Z cache
block cache that was mine to have a
bunch of zeros at the end and so the
hash the data is exactly the same it
hashes to be the same thing which I
think is like really cool means we don't
have to like rewrite the format and I
can do cool things like I want to access
the difficulty of this block oh I'm
great at typing the day difficulty this
block since JSON mangles numbers is some
thing yeah tell me about it I can access
the parent of this block it's another
block whole bunch of you know text I
connect this the parents of the parents
of the block and guess what the parent
of the parents of the parents my block
and even cooler though I mean sure you
can walk the block to my back and that's
great but where am I
I can access the transaction Merkle tree
at this bar and this is a little weird
so when you look at the transaction
Merkle tree you're like oh it's a list
of things but no it's not a list of
things it's actually a free and it's a
binary tree
so the merkel route in you know bitcoin
type blocks is the hash of the root of
the tree so when you get the hash of the
root of the tree you're gonna get an
array with two things in it the left of
the tree and the right of the tree and
so we can walk this down say like the
left of the tree and that gives us you
know the zero but there's like inputs
and me make that prettier and so this is
a transaction that we referenced through
some path through our PFS has the exact
same data as it would in the blockchain
itself and you can walk through this you
can get the values you can get like oh
look you know this many ten ten Z cash
was sent to that address 2.5 Z cash was
sent to that address this is the miny
reward
and so you can go through and you can
access any of these transactions find
the values and operate on it and this is
really cool I'm super excited about this
what I was what I'm hoping to do with
this is do things like so here's the
script right who here knows about
Bitcoin op returns and how it's nasty
ugly hack to put data in transactions
well one thing I'm gonna try to do is
get a knock return get this field to
follow links like content address links
that you store in the opportune
which would be like slash script and
we'd have to somehow figure out some
format but that's like the next step
along this way so that in the Aubrey
turn I could put the hash of an etherium
block in a Bitcoin or Z cash transaction
and you just walk through that chain and
that's probably one of the things I'm
gonna be working on this week during
this hackathon is getting walking paths
through blockchains
which is gonna be cool and I haven't
written the theory and parsing code yet
but somebody in this room has already in
JavaScript so translating that to go
should be easy enough and I'm really
excited to see where this goes so once
you have this you can do some cool stuff
like well now all the data is here and
is accessible what do you do with that
well I had somebody who writes
JavaScript write me some JavaScript
let's see how do I move things around so
we weren't this little thing called the
we call it there's a C cash Explorer and
it's a static app
I'm going to hopefully demo not
remembering how to do mirrored screens
is very frank wow that's big chrome you
can chill out alright so we're gonna go
to the hash that I just generated and a
little bit so if you guys block explore
know so you can do is this is just a
nice little tear snipe you're like you
know HTM our person a from a block I can
walk back through the box and like and I
just keep looking right I can go to the
transactions and if some of the
transactions are weird because it
doesn't like there's a weird thing about
the the daemon where it like if the
transaction isn't interesting to you for
some reason that won't sync it to your
computer so I'm not entirely sure the
problem there like it's behaving weirdly
right now but yeah you can do cool
things like this and you can have a
blockchain explore like block team that
info without a central server like there
you don't have to rely on somebody to be
hosting this like a site to view static
hash linked data for you you can just do
it yourself and you would like locally
which i think is really cool
yeah and that is about as much demo as I
have right now I hope that was filling
enough time yeah
[Applause]